[Music]
Alex say your say your name say your
name in your favorite color what's your
name in your favorite color don't say
your last name Alex shut up favorite
color and first name geez all blue one
Nathan and only like red and but Vader
Smitha ru fanboying over our videos
[Music]
she's a fan of our videos snails are you
fangirling you like our videos Mansell
are you unsubscribing no really it makes
sense if you would that's the video you
sent me this is awesome honestly we have
a fan now tell all your friends I will
tell all your friends to subscribe
playboy robots let's play this is boring
yeah we shouldn't play I don't really
want to do a let's play yet maybe in the
future guys maybe in the future
Christmas tree is still here
Samantha
remember we want tell all your friends
okay all of them
I know you're kind of popular which is
surprising that surprising that you're
kind of popular but just tell only
everyone you know okay you're gonna
they're not gonna do it on to hey sure I
just realized something
your long acne that that's the thing my
videos there's logs and people here we
have a wife Samantha in a natural
habitat
be very quiet she will attack really
guess should you really be eating just
ranch that's not pizza that's how you
know we're in the Midwest ranch with hot
pockets I know I'm surprised you like it
that's too hot pockets really Smitha I
know you Wilson alpha what's your name
and what's your favorite color
her name is Samantha and my favorite
color is I don't give a crap of course
it is okay Nathan can you make this
noise with your voice hey wait what's
the taste food try it
so how was it this is good is Hot
Pockets good they tasty yeah but you
can't put that on YouTube why not I
can't put brandy and soap on you - yeah
but barely anyone watches my backs so I
mean it's okay I mean yeah it's asked
permission Samantha drives Matt your
permission thanks for your permission
I will choke you Pringles Febreze um
we're not gonna get in trouble unless I
become a big youtuber then I'll take
this video down mmm tasty hot pockets I
mean okay warm warmer pocket holders a
pen holder